docs: hiding columns (#55233)
metabase/metabase: docs/questions/query-builder/editor.md

You can see the data source in a new browser tab by Cmd/Ctrl+Clicking on the data source's name in the query builder.

> To choose which columns to include in your query, click on the arrow next to the data source. If you uncheck a column, you'll still be able to use it while building a query (for example, in filters) but it won't be displayed in the results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To choose which columns to include in your query, click on the arrow next to the data source. If you uncheck a column, you'll still be able to use the column while building a query (for example, in filters) but Metabase won't display the column in results.
```

To choose which columns to include in your query, click on the arrow next to the data source. If you uncheck a column, you'll still be able to use it while building a query (for example, in filters) but it won't be displayed in the results.

> ### Adding or removing columns in a table

Author: Removing this as a section and moving the image to table viz article so as not to create an impression that this process affects the query

> You'll also be able [hide columns](../visualizations/table.md#rearranging-adding-and-removing-columns) from the table view once you visualize your results, but this doesn't remove columns from the query itself, and so even people with no query builder permissions will be able to unhide the columns. To hide columns with sensitive information, remove them from the query, or hide them entirely across Metabase from [table metadata settings](../../data-modeling/metadata-editing.md#column-visibility).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can [hide columns](../visualizations/table.md#rearranging-adding-and-removing-columns) from the table views.

> **Hiding columns should _not_ be used to secure sensitive information**. Hiding columns in table visualization settings only affects the visibility of the columns _in the visualization_, not in the query results. Even people with only "view data" permissions to the question will be able to change the visualization settings and unhide columns. To exclude a column from the results of a specific query, uncheck the column in the "Data" block of the query builder. 
```

Edit is more forceful.

I'm not sure if we want to encourage people to secure sensitive information via table metadata settings. That setting should prevent people from viewing a column in the query builder, but if they have native editor access they could query the db for that column.
